Hey, Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. Thank you for joining us. Well, praise the Lord.
I want to give God thanks for all the things that He's done for us. I mean, man, God's been good this year.
You know, if you go back and reflect on all the things the Lord has done, what has He done for you?
I want you to—it could be something. I know the Lord's done something for you this year so far.
We still have 30-some days left until the first of the year, until January of 2025, but look at what He's done in 2024. And what a time in America.
You know, you can do it wherever you live, just giving God praise and thanksgiving for everything He's done in your life. He has been so merciful in so many areas.
I look back, I mean, just looking back at all of the things He's done this year, you know, with Megan and how far she's come.
We've had a great year with her, seeing healings come and manifestations of the glory with the outpouring at the Tent Revival, seeing the Shekinah Glory Cloud, going to see Billy Burke and smelling the fragrance of the Holy Spirit—so many amazing things, just supernatural.
The words that the Lord has given me protected President Trump from the assassination attempts twice, maybe even three times. Seeing a Red Wave like the Lord gave us.
There are so many things that you can be thankful for: that we have a new president coming and helping bring a turnaround to America, and just a lot to be thankful for even going into 2025, regardless of all the rumors of wars and all the things that you see on the news.
Yeah, there's drama, but there's always something to be thankful for. There's always something to give God praise for.
You know, a lot of what happened with Abraham—one of my favorite verses is that Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God.
He gave praise to God even before he saw the full manifestation of what he was believing for.
Even in the deadness of Sarah's womb, he was thankful, giving glory to God. That was him giving praise, being thankful.
I give You praise, Lord; I thank You for all that You've done, all that You're going to do, and all You continue to do.
And so, I just take a time, even right now, to say, 'God, thank You.'Thank You, Father, for all that You provided: for our clothes, our house, the car we drive, the air we breathe, the sun that shines, the trees that are around the earth.
Father, for all of the grass and for the water and for all the things that He provided. He could have been a really boring God.
He could have had one kind of tree—it could have been an oak tree or whatever—and that was the only tree He made.
He could have made one flower, could have made one bird, but He made all kinds of things for us richly to enjoy.
Isn't that amazing? He made all the different things: all the different kinds of cows, all the different kinds of dogs.
You may say, 'Well, I don't like that kind of dog,'but He gave you another kind of choice.
Maybe you like cats; He gave you all kinds of different cats.
He is so exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
And there's something—you say, 'I don't have anything to be thankful for.'Oh, I guarantee you, if you just stop and think just a little bit, you can think of something. I have something to be thankful for.
And it's just like—when you give God praise and you give God worth and you take the time to give Him an offering of thanksgiving in every area of your life, it brings the glory down, because when praises go up, blessings come down.
He is worthy of it. He is the El Elyon, the Most High. He's the Jehovah Jireh, He's everything that I need.
He has it, and He's made it for us richly to enjoy. I love that scripture. And so, you know what?
You may say, 'Well, I'm not all the way where I need to be in overcoming,'but I saw a little bit of change this year.
I saw a little bit. I may not have my full manifestation of what I've been believing for, but I saw some change.
Noah released the dove, and it came back with just a little olive branch.
But Noah knew that was a sign that the flood was over, and he gave God praise for it.
Just that little olive leaf, that little twig in its mouth, represented that the flood was over and that God doesn't dangle a carrot.
Like Billy Burke said to us, God doesn't dangle a carrot and heal partway just to lead you on.
God's a full manifestation God. So if you've seen something, there's hope in that. There's hope in that little bit of a turnaround.
That's that olive leaf that you've got today to say, 'God, I have something to be thankful for today,'regardless of how much more you have to go.
You got the olive leaf; it was the sign that the flood was over.
In your life, you may have no pain in your elbow, and it may just be a little spot in your elbow that doesn't have pain.
Give God praise for that no pain in that elbow, or that little toe that doesn't hurt anymore.
You may go, 'Oh, but everything else hurts so bad,'but give God praise for it because that's the sign that the flood is turning around in your life.
Believe that today. Reach out today and give God praise for every single thing He's done.
It may just be, 'My toenail doesn't hurt today, Lord,'but it's a sign that the flood is subsiding in your life.
That storm that was sent to try to kill, steal, and destroy you and pull you down all the way under—there's a sign of relief today.
That's what you have to grab onto: those glimmers of hope. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus'blood and His righteousness.
I believe with all my heart that today our olive leaf is here, and we give God praise for that olive leaf.
I tell Diana all the time we see the change and the tide is changing with Megan on a day-to-day basis.
Regardless of if she may have a bad day the next day, we say, 'Nope, we're still standing on the good day.'We had several good days this year.
We had some bad days, but we're not focused on the bad days; we're focused on the good days.
Because you've got to give God praise for every single good day and say, 'You know what?
We may have had a bad day today, but we're going to have a good day tomorrow.'Regardless of your circumstances, joy comes in the morning.
That's exactly right. I believe that we can call those things that be not as though they were by speaking to our circumstances to change. You may be all alone in this holiday season.
You may be sitting there on your couch and you're all by yourself and you're thinking, 'Man, nobody cares about me.'But Diana and I are here and we're here for you.
We're praying for you. Know that we're lifting you up before the Father.
That hit me—somebody's really struggling. I felt that intercession hit me.
Somebody's out there believing for someone to be their friend, and I just want to let you all know we're your friend.
We're in your corner; we're believing with you. We stand with you when you feel, 'I don't have anybody out there that loves me.
Why am I even on this earth? God doesn't care about me; He's forgotten about me.
I'm broken. I have no friends, no wife, no husband. All my relatives have passed on. I have no kids. I'm all alone on this holiday season.
Why am I still here?'But God has a plan for you, and this will be the best year you've ever lived so far. In 2024, we're going to find some friends.
Say that: 'I'm going to make myself friendly, and I'm going to find some friends.'The year is not over; you don't have to be down and out or sad.
It's a time to have joy in your heart, a smile on your face, and a song in your heart, because Jesus loves you.
Just like we say every day: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart; Jesus loves you. You know, that came from my dad.
My mom had a lot of hard times whenever they were going through a lot of poverty, and my mom would fuss around the house a lot.
My dad would always tell my mom, 'You need to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart,'because she would be so fussy about it.
That came right up out of him. As a kid, that's always been in my heart; it's always stirred me.
But that came out of my dad because we had such a hard time growing up. They struggled a lot, but we made it through.
I met Diana, and it's been the greatest thing of my life, just going through life with her.
And yet we've had our challenges, and yet it seemed like I left Mom and Dad's mess and we had our own mess started up.
But God has been faithful, hasn't He, babe? Yes. And He's brought us through some trying times.
But it wasn't something that we got overnight. We had to believe and keep on keeping on, regardless of what we saw in the natural.
It felt like we were never going to get out of it—poverty and lack.
But with the creative ideas to do eBay and Poshmark and Facebook Marketplace, thinking, 'How are we going to get out of this?'when you're going from paycheck to paycheck and you think, 'I don't have any ideas.'But God, who is rich in mercy, will give you a creative idea to do something different and then give you favor with thrift store owners.
Who knew? You walk in there and start talking to somebody, and you let that favor of God shine on you.
You don't go in there and start witnessing and hitting them in the head with the Bible.
You let your light shine through your eyes. You just go in there—man, God's good.
You just have that attitude of, 'I know who I am in Christ, and I'm going to display Jesus today.'He blesses the fruit of your hands.
It's like my boss always used to tell me: 'Preach the gospel always, and sometimes use words.'I thought that always stuck out to me when he said that to me: preach the gospel always, and then sometimes use words.
Why are you going to preach the gospel if you're not using words? It's in your life.
It's what you display on a day-to-day basis to everybody around you. Who are you when nobody else is looking?
Especially the Christian people at church—who are you in the real world?
Let your light shine. Showing up and showing Jesus, and not just always preaching at people.
Show the love of God to people. Yeah, even when we're in a restaurant or whatever, I will clean up our messes.
People notice things like that; it's your light shining. If you see a piece of trash on the floor and you pick it up...
yeah, taking the buggy, like Joyce Meyer says—taking the buggy to the stall instead of letting it ding somebody else's car when you drive off.
It's just taking the extra mile of excellence. Showing excellence in everything you do.
Being like Daniel—Daniel was a man of excellence in everything he did. We need to be like Jesus, too.
But the Bible talks about how Daniel was a man of excellence, and I just want to show that excellence that Jesus shows up and shows off in my life just by me being me.
It's like when I go and get our mail at the post office box—I just love on people.
If I go and get a coffee somewhere, I just love on them. 'Hey, how's your day?'And just talk to them.
They start to wonder, especially if you have a good attitude and you display joy and love.
Joy is contagious. People right now are hurting, and they're looking for authentic Christians.
As we see things in the news and on social media right now that try to tarnish Christianity and ministries, it's time that we show up and show people we have Jesus, regardless of what they hear in the news or what's going to break on CNN or Fox or any of these other places.
When they say there's a scandal, show Jesus. You have a platform with the person at Walmart, with your local grocery store, and they see you are authentic, not fake. I love that.
That's the ultimate Christian in my opinion: somebody who's just in the ditches, in the trenches, cleaning the church, helping out in the nursery, being an usher year after year with no recognition.
If it wasn't for you ushering and being a door greeter, would that person who came that wasn't saved feel welcome?
It's the small things that make the unbeliever see a relationship with the Lord and find it.
It's that one word of kindness that changes people. So, be thankful today.
Be thankful for everything. I pray that this blessed you today. We're going to pray with you now.
I want you to agree with me that every need you have is met, that we take authority over this war, that there are no major wars coming, that we would have peace, and that God would give us an extended time of Grace.
That's what He said: pray for this. Pray that President Trump has supernatural wisdom in leading this country, that when he is inaugurated on January 20th, we will have a supernatural turnaround.
God, who is rich in mercy, shows up and shows off in a major way because His people who are called by His name are praying and turning from their wicked ways.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for every single person who's represented here today.
They may be alone, they may be thinking, 'I don't have anybody,'but God, You're there too.
As we lift them up to You, we lift up their hearts and that loneliness.
Holy Spirit, we ask You to go right where they are right now and fill them with Your Shekinah Glory and Your presence.
In the presence of Jehovah God Almighty, Prince of Peace, troubles vanish, hearts are mended.
We thank You, Father, that You're mending the hearts and that in that presence, there's peace.
I pray a supernatural peace over their life today, over their minds today, that they realize that Jesus loves them.
I pray, Father, for them to find friends at church and people who would care for them.
I thank You, Father, as they sow love, they will reap it a hundredfold return—a supernatural seed time and harvest concerning the love of God.
I thank You, Lord, that You're encouraging them today, that they have no yoke and no burden.
They have joy unspeakable and full of glory. Their minds are renewed to the Word of God, and they realize how much You love them.
I thank You, Father, for every single person represented here who is believing for an unsaved loved one, for a child that's strayed, whom they haven't heard from during this holiday season.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we call those kids home in the name of Jesus.
Holy Spirit, we ask You to put it on their hearts right now to call their mother or their father or their loved ones and check up with them.
I thank You, Father, that they would just come home and restore the family.
Father, I thank You, Lord, this is a time of great restoration—restoration of all things over our families and our unsaved loved ones.
We call them born again, we call them filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
Father, we ask that You would open the eyes that Satan has blinded.
We call their eyes to be enlightened right now in the name of Jesus. I speak to their ears to hear You, Lord, right now.
All the demonic spirits that have been lying to them and speaking perverse things—we command them to go now in Jesus'name.
We speak to their ears to pop open; they would hear Your voice, Lord.
Be saved, be born again, turn from your wicked ways. I thank You, Lord, that they would hear You.
We call forth the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever known, in the name of Jesus.
We're calling those souls in. We thank You, Lord, that the laborers are coming, the harvesters are coming.
I thank You, Lord, that the harvesters are bringing forth the harvest, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
There is one last call for a mighty move of God, one last call for healing before Your Son's return.
I thank You, Lord, that You're shaking the churches all around the world, waking up all of the people who are asleep.
Shaking the churches and the pulpits so that the great move of God would flow like a mighty rushing wind, bringing forth the great harvest and the light of God would shine in the name of Jesus.
Even among the Latter-day Saints, Father, that they would turn and have a revelation knowledge of who You are at a greater level.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we come against false religion and all kinds of demonic spirits.
We thank You, Lord, for an authentic move of God in the churches.
Thank You, Father, that You would show us where we are in error in our ways.
I thank You, Lord, that You're exposing false doctrines and false religion.
I thank You, Lord, that You expose this, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every single person represented here today. Jesus has a plan for every single one of us.
Let there be a mighty rushing wind of Your Spirit upon this earth one last time, just like it was in Acts chapter 2.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for a fresh touch, a fresh presence, a fresh anointing on every single person.
Fan the flame, oh God! Stir in them right now in Jesus'name. Shaking off all the bondage, taking off the scales of religion and perverse, reprobate thinking.
Bringing them close to the fire and the heart of God. That they repent and turn from their wicked ways, that they humble themselves and pray and seek Your face, Lord.
This is a time like never before to run back to the altars and repent, to bring the glory back into our churches.
Shake the religious spirits out of the churches and bring forth fresh fire, a fresh presence on Your churches, Lord.
Shaking the seeker-friendlies, shaking the lukewarm. We thank You, Father, for Your creative miracles and for healings.
We call forth explosions of Your glory inside of these churches.
Father, when the pastor preaches, let the presence of God weigh so strong that there would be a holy hush upon the congregation—a holy glory throughout the congregation.
As that comes on that congregation, Lord, a great repentance, a great holiness, a great outcry of Your Spirit would stir up inside of them.
They would say, 'I need more of You and less of me.'For judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
Father, fix what's broken in our churches first, and then I thank You, Lord, that the greatest harvest of souls would come forth out of the darkness.
I call forth from the north, south, east, and west—all through the Buddhist communities, the Muslim communities, and all of the false religions.
I say, in the name of Jesus, for their eyes to be enlightened with light.
I thank You for angelic visitations and manifestations of glory.
Use the person who's just in the marketplace, working on their jobs.
Father, when they lay hands on the sick, just like You said in Your Word, they would recover.
I thank You, Father, for this last call, for this last outpouring.
We call forth Elon Musk today. We say: will you pray for him for 20 days?
That Elon Musk would be radically born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
I call forth laborers across his path to show and share the love of God to Elon Musk.
I thank You, Father, that people of character are put around him to snatch him right out of the hand of darkness.
I thank You, Father, that Donald Trump has a fire in him. God, I pray for gasoline on that supernatural fire in Jesus'name. Stir and stir, Holy Spirit!
Stir in that family with great divine protection according to Psalm 91, that a thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
No plots or plans of the wicked will be successful. We call forth a divine angelic visitation of protection over every one of the family members, over the Vice President, and over the President.
And we thank You, Lord, for the ones we have in there now—I thank You, Lord, that they don't do anything else corrupt while they're in there.
I thank You, Father, that there is no more trying to bring down America. No more of it, in Jesus'name.
With war and sending long-range missiles, we call peace over Russia, Ukraine, and Europe in Jesus'name.
That President Trump will not be known as a wartime president.
We have peace, an extended four years of grace and blessing until 2028.
I thank You, Father, that You're coming soon. Jesus is coming.
We should be busy about doing what the Father's called us to do—occupy until He comes. Being bold and radical about the Father's business.
Just like Paul Revere in the night, saying, 'The British are coming!'Father, we would stand in the darkness on our horse, saying, 'Jesus is coming!
Jesus is coming!'Calling forth the men and women and women getting ready for the soon return of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Because there is a great battle ahead to win the lost. When the anointing comes on me, I yell.
Thank You, Father, for a supernatural move of Your presence around the world one last time.
Thank You, Lord, for protecting the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade today. Thank You, Lord, that no calamity comes nigh.
Thank You, Lord, that nothing happens at the Rockin'New Year's Eve, and that tomorrow, whenever people are Black Friday shopping, no weapon formed against the people will prosper.
I thank You, Lord, that people are protected. Lord, we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen. Well, thank you for coming and praying with me today. I know it's a shorter video, but I wanted to make it where you could go and spend time with your families.
If you don't live in America and you don't celebrate Thanksgiving, celebrate it where you are. Be thankful today. If you're new here, we pray every day.
Diana and I are praying together, believing with you for your healings, for anything that you have need of.
Nothing's too big for God. All things are possible to him who believes.
Subscribe to our videos if you haven't ever subscribed before.
We're just people that love Jesus, children of the Most High God.
We believe in our covenant, that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. We stand with you. Prayer changes things.
Subscribe, click the notification bell, click the like button—do all the things that YouTube asks us to do—and we will see you tomorrow.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart; Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we will see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.